Add documentation for Bitbucket Server plugin (#8845)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/integration/bitbucket_server.md

We recommend installing the [Sourcegraph Bitbucket Server plugin](https://github.com/sourcegraph/bitbucket-server-plugin/tree/master) so users don't need to install and configure the browser extension to get code intelligence when browsing code or reviewing pull requests on Bitbucket Server.

> The plugin also has the optional functionality to enable **faster ACL permission syncing between Sourcegraph and Bitbucket Server** and can add **webhooks with configurable scope to Bitbucket Server**, which are used by and highly recommended for [Campaigns](../user/campaigns.md).

Reviewer: This should reference code intel. I know the paragraph below talks about extensions, but for most users, the connection between codeintel and extensions is not obvious...

Or alternatively, add it to the paragraph below and bold it the same way that these two are bolded.

Reviewer: Actually, one alternative to this is to convert this paragraph into bullets listing the features of the integration. That might be the best option here. First should be code intel (and extensions), second would be faster perms fetching, third webhooks. What do you think?

Author: Sounds good! I thought that was covered with the paragraph _before_, but a list is better.

Author: Done!

### Webhooks

Once the plugin is installed, go to **Administration > Add-ons > Sourcegraph** to see a list of all configured webhooks and to create a new one.

To configure a webhook on the Sourcegraph side, set the [`"plugin.webhooks"` property in the Bitbucket Server configuration](../admin/external_service/bitbucket_server.md#webhooks). Once that is configured Sourcegraph automatically makes sure in the background that a global webhook for usage with [Campaigns](../user/campaigns.md) is created on the Bitbucket Server instance.

### Experimental: fast permission syncing

The plugin also supports an optional, experimental method of faster ACL permissions syncing that aims to improve the speed of fetching a user's permissions from Bitbucket (which can reduce the time a user has to wait to run a search if their permissions data has expired).

You can enable this feature when [configuring the connection to your Bitbucket Server instance on Sourcegraph](../admin/external_service/bitbucket_server.md#repository-permissions).

> The speed improvements are subtle and more noticeable for larger instances with thousands of repositories. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The speed improvements are most important on larger Bitbucket Server instances with thousands of repositories. 
```

To learn how and why this works, read the [through technical details of fast permission syncing](#fast-permissions-syncing) below.

### Technical Details

This section provides some technical insight into the Bitbucket Server plugin to make it easier to users to decide whether or not to install it on their Bitbucket Server instance.

You can find the full source code for the plugin at [github.com/sourcegraph/bitbucket-server-plugin](https://github.com/sourcegraph/bitbucket-server-plugin/).

#### Native Code Intelligence

The Bitbucket Server plugin provides **native code intelligence** without users having to install the [Sourcegraph browser extension](browser_extension.md).

It does that by fetching the required JavaScript code from the configured Sourcegraph instance and injecting it into the HTML that the Bitbucket Server instance serves. See the [`sourcegraph-bitbucket.js`](https://github.com/sourcegraph/bitbucket-server-plugin/blob/master/src/main/resources/js/sourcegraph-bitbucket.js) file for how it does that.

> The code that's injected is the code of the [Sourcegraph browser extension](#browser-extension), but hosted by your Sourcegraph instance, and adds the same code intelligence functionality to files and pull requests viewed on Bitbucket Server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code that's injected is the code of the [Sourcegraph browser extension](#browser-extension). It is hosted by your Sourcegraph instance in this case and adds the same code intelligence functionality to all files and pull requests viewed on Bitbucket Server.
```

> The code talks directly to the Sourcegraph instance that's configured in the Bitbucket Server plugin configuration. It doesn't add any more load to the Bitbucker Server instance.

Reviewer 2: Because I know people will ask (rightfully so): clarify here whether or not it sends any telemetry or user tracking data, and that it does NOT ever send your code out of your network. You can look to the current browser extension docs for how to phrase this.

If it failed to load or talk to the Sourcegraph instance, messages are logged to the browser console.

> When the Sourcegraph instance is updated to a newer version, the code that's loaded and injected might also be updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the Sourcegraph instance is updated to a newer version, the embedded browser extension code that provides the native code intelligence may also be updated.
```

Avoid injected due to negative connotations

If Sourcegraph is configured to make use of the Bitbucket Server plugin webhooks (which is done by setting the [`"plugin.webhooks"` property in the Bitbucket Server configuration](../admin/external_service/bitbucket_server.md#webhooks)), it sends a request to the Bitbucket Server instance, every 30 seconds, to make sure that a webhook on the Bitbucket Server instance exists and points to the Sourcegraph instance.

#### Fast permission syncing

When Sourcegraph is configured to use [Bitbucket Server's repository permissions](../../admin/repo/permissions.md#bitbucket_server) to control access to repositories on Sourcegraph, it needs to fetch permissions for each user.

The Bitbucket Server REST API only provides **paginated** endpoints to fetch either the list of repositories a given user has access to, or the list of users that have access to a given repository. Both endpoints return the **full representation of the entities**.

> Since Sourcegraph is only interested in the IDs of either repositories or users (those are already synced to its database) the Bitbucket Server plugins adds two REST endpoints to provide more efficient endpoints:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since Sourcegraph is only interested in the IDs of either repositories or users (those are already synced to its database) the Bitbucket Server plugins adds two REST endpoints to provide a more efficient way to gather just permission info:
```

- `/permissions/repositories?user=<USERNAME>&permission=<PERMISSION_LEVEL>`<br /> Returns **a list of repository IDs** the given `user` has access to on the given `permission` level.
- `/permissions/users?repository=<REPO>&permission=<PERMISSION_LEVEL>`<br /> Returns **a list of user IDs** that have access to the given `repository` on the given `permission` level.

The lists returned by both endpoints are encoded as [Roaring Bitmaps](https://roaringbitmap.org/).

> Since only a single request is required to fetch the complete list of desired IDs and the response contains only IDs, encoded in an efficient binary format, these two endpoints make the fetching of permissions roughly **eight times faster** (measured on an instance with 10000 repositories) than using Bitbucket Server's REST API. (Bitbucket Server admins can further increase the performance of these endpoints by increasing the [`page.max.repositories` property in the Bitbucket Server configuration](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/bitbucket-server-config-properties-776640155.html#BitbucketServerconfigproperties-Paging).)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since only a single request is required to fetch the complete list of desired IDs and the response contains only IDs, encoded in an efficient binary format, these two endpoints make the fetching of permissions roughly **eight times faster** (measured on an instance with 10000 repositories) than using Bitbucket Server's REST API. (Bitbucket Server admins can further increase the performance of these endpoints by increasing the [`page.max.repositories` property in the Bitbucket Server configuration](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/bitbucket-server-config-properties-776640155.html#BitbucketServerconfigproperties-Paging), but you should check your other Bitbucket Server plugins will not be adversely affected by increasing this.)
```

Once the plugin is installed, go to **Administration > Add-ons > Sourcegraph** to see a list of all configured webhooks and to create a new one.

To configure a webhook on the Sourcegraph side, set the [`"plugin.webhooks"` property in the Bitbucket Server configuration](../admin/external_service/bitbucket_server.md#webhooks). Once that is configured Sourcegraph automatically makes sure in the background that a global webhook for usage with [Campaigns](../user/campaigns.md) is created on the Bitbucket Server instance.

### Experimental: faster ACL permissions fetching

> The plugin also supports an optional, experimental method of faster ACL permissions fetching that aims to improve search speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin also supports an optional, experimental method of faster ACL permissions fetching that aims to improve the speed of fetching a user's permissions from Bitbucket (which can reduce the time a user has to wait to run a search if their permissions data has expired).
```

Is this more accurate? Any better way to describe this @unknwon ?

> You can enable this feature by setting the [`"plugin.permissions"` property in the Bitbucket Server configuration](../admin/external_service/bitbucket_server.md#repository-permissions) to `"enabled"`.

Reviewer: Should this just link to doc/admin/external_service/bitbucket_server.md#experimental--faster-ACL-permissions-fetching (the other file you edited above) instead of trying to have two "sources of truth" for how to enable it? 

This is a continuing, fundamental challenge with our docs :)

Author: Good point. I thought I did just that but I see that mentioning the property here too creates too much duplication. Changed to a link.

> The speed improvements are subtle and more noticeable for larger instances with thousands of repositories. This may remove the occasional slow search that has incurred the overhead of refreshing expired permissions information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The speed improvements are subtle and more noticeable for larger instances with thousands of repositories. 
```

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps a link to the technical details section below? E.g.

```suggestion

To learn how and why this works, read the [fast permissions technical details](#fast-permissions-fetching) section below.
```

### Technical Details

This section provides some technical insight into the Bitbucket Server plugin to make it easier to users to decide whether or not to install it on their Bitbucket Server instance.

You can find the full source code for the plugin at [github.com/sourcegraph/bitbucket-server-plugin](https://github.com/sourcegraph/bitbucket-server-plugin/).

> #### Native Code Intelligence

Reviewer: Why is this below the "experimental" feature above? This feels like the #1 reason most users will adopt the native integration, and I feel like it should come at the top. If you add bullets to the top listing the three key features (like I mentioned above), the ordering should match!

Author: It's a `h4`, in a different sub-section called `Technical Details`.

The Bitbucket Server plugin provides **native code intelligence** (e.g.: **go-to-definition** and **find-references** functionality while browsing code or reviewing pull requests) without users having to install the [Sourcegraph browser extension](browser_extension.md).

It does that by fetching the required JavaScript code from the configured Sourcegraph instance and injecting it into the HTML that the Bitbucket Server instance serves. See the [`sourcegraph-bitbucket.js`](https://github.com/sourcegraph/bitbucket-server-plugin/blob/master/src/main/resources/js/sourcegraph-bitbucket.js) file for how it does that.

> The code that's injected is the code of the [Sourcegraph browser extension](#browser-extension), hosted by your Sourcegraph instance, and adds the same code intelligence functionality to files and pull requests viewed on Bitbucket Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code that's injected is the code of the [Sourcegraph browser extension](#browser-extension), but hosted by your Sourcegraph instance, and adds the same code intelligence functionality to files and pull requests viewed on Bitbucket Server.
```

The code talks directly to the Sourcegraph instance that's configured in the Bitbucket Server plugin configuration. It doesn't add any more load to the Bitbucker Server instance.

> If it failed to load or talk to the Sourcegraph instance messages are logged to the browser console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it failed to load or talk to the Sourcegraph instance, messages are logged to the browser console.
```

When the Sourcegraph instance is updated to a newer version, the code that's loaded and injected might also be updated.

> #### Webhooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Webhooks (for running Campaigns)
```

- `/permissions/repositories?user=<USERNAME>&permission=<PERMISSION_LEVEL>`<br /> Returns **a list of repository IDs** the given `user` has access to on the given `permission` level.
- `/permissions/users?repository=<REPO>&permission=<PERMISSION_LEVEL>`<br /> Returns **a list of user IDs** that have access to the given `repository` on the given `permission` level.

The lists returned by both endpoints are encoded as [Roaring Bitmaps](https://roaringbitmap.org/).

Since only a single request is required to fetch the complete list of desired IDs and the response contains only IDs, encoded in an efficient binary format, these two endpoints make the fetching of permissions roughly **eight times faster** (measured on an instance with 10000 repositories) than using Bitbucket Server's REST API. (Bitbucket Server admins can further increase the performance of these endpoints by increasing the [`page.max.repositories` property in the Bitbucket Server configuration](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/bitbucket-server-config-properties-776640155.html#BitbucketServerconfigproperties-Paging).)

> The plugin uses `RepositoryService`, `UserManager`, `UserService` and `SecuritySevice` provided by the Atlassian SDK to fetch users or repositories from Bitbucket Server's database. You can see the full code for these two endpoints in [`PermissionRouter.java`](https://github.com/sourcegraph/bitbucket-server-plugin/blob/master/src/main/java/com/sourcegraph/permission/PermissionRouter.java)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The plugin uses `RepositoryService`, `UserManager`, `UserService` and `SecurityService` provided by the Atlassian SDK to fetch users or repositories from Bitbucket Server's database. You can see the full code for these two endpoints in [`PermissionRouter.java`](https://github.com/sourcegraph/bitbucket-server-plugin/blob/master/src/main/java/com/sourcegraph/permission/PermissionRouter.java)
```
